# DemoPhoneCalls
Console Application that makes used of an abstract class (PhoneCall) and two subclasses (IncomingPhoneCall &amp; OutgoingPhoneCall)
The Talk-A-Lot Cellphone Company provides phone services for its cutomers. Create an abstract class called PhoneCall that includes a string field for a phone number and a double field for the price of the call. Also include a constructor that requires a phone number parameter and that sets the price to 0.00. Include a set method for the price. Also, include three abstract get methods – one that returns the phone number, another that returns the price of the call, and a third that displays information about the call. Create two child classes of PhoneCall: IncomingPhoneCall and OutgoingPhoneCall. The IncomingPhoneCall constructor passes its phone number parameter to its parent’s constructor and sets the price of the call to 0.02. The method that displays the phone call information displays the phone number, the rate, and the price of the call (which is the same as the rate). The OutgoingPhoneCall class includes an additional method that holds the time of the call in minutes. The constructor requires both the phone number and the time. The price is 0.04 per minute, and the displays method shows the details of the call, including the phone number, the rate per minute, the number of minutes, and the total price. Write an application that demonstrates, you can instantiate and display both IncomingPhoneCalla and OutgoingPhoneCall objects.
